Update README.md (#77)
cardknox/cardknox-sdk-js: README.md

A DNS entry must exist, mapping the host name to the IP address. The SDK will check that the entry exists if there are network errors.

> As of today, 5/27/22, we have a way to create a new DNS record. This can be done using our web tool [here](http://localdevice.us-west-2.elasticbeanstalk.com/). This can also be done via API 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a DNS entry, use the tool located [here](http://localdevice.us-west-2.elasticbeanstalk.com/). This can also be done via API.
```
